Call to ask,
There is a chance for you to take a step into winter,
Little little little.
Director Gu, what do you mean?
Even if you are gone, Dog Stone Fish, your basic information,
It happens that I get along with Zero every day,
I want you to take half the journey and zero days off,
Appear in front of everyone who has chosen.
It’s fake, but I’m not,
What I'm talking about is that you must remember,
You fell off the edge of the mountain when you were a child,
Those who were adopted and raised, others,
They all have amnesia and cannot remember.
I don't think I would choose this incredible wealth, and I don't want it either.
OK, Director Gu,
I listen to you in everything